"darkrp_admincommands"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx votekickminvotes"	""
"voidcases_editsettings"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"darkrp_getjob_cp"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx logechocolors"	"Whether or not echoed commands in chat are colored"
"darkrp_changedoorsettings"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx votemapsuccessratio"	""
"ulx vote"	"Grants access to the ulx vote command"
"ulx goto"	"Grants access to the ulx goto command"
"ulx logchat"	"Log player chat"
"ulx logevents"	"Log events (player connect, disconnect, death)"
"awarn_delete"	"This allows a player to delete all warnings for a player."
"ulx thetime"	"Grants access to the ulx thetime command"
"ulx asay"	"Grants access to the ulx asay command"
"ulx votemap2successratio"	""
"ulx rcon"	"Grants access to the ulx rcon command"
"ulx hp"	"Grants access to the ulx hp command"
"ulx whip"	"Grants access to the ulx whip command"
"ulx exec"	"Grants access to the ulx exec command"
"ulx unignite"	"Grants access to the ulx unignite command"
"ulx logecho"	"Echo mode 0-Off 1-Anonymous 2-Full"
"ulx ban"	"Grants access to the ulx ban command"
"ulx votemapmintime"	""
"ulx renamegroup"	"Grants access to the ulx renamegroup command"
"ulx jail"	"Grants access to the ulx jail command"
"darkrp_seeevents"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx ignite"	"Grants access to the ulx ignite command"
"darkrp_getjob_policechief"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"fspectate"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx luarun"	"Grants access to the ulx luarun command"
"ulx maul"	"Grants access to the ulx maul command"
"ulx playsound"	"Grants access to the ulx playsound command"
"ulx ungimp"	"Grants access to the ulx ungimp command"
"ulx logechocolorplayerasgroup"	"Whether or not to use group colors for players."
"ulx votemapminvotes"	""
"ulx ragdoll"	"Grants access to the ulx ragdoll command"
"darkrp_setlicense"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx chattime"	"<time> - Players can only chat every x seconds (anti-spam). 0 to disable."
"ulx logdir"	"The log dir under garrysmod/data"
"darkrp_setmoney"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx freeze"	"Grants access to the ulx freeze command"
"ulx spectate"	"Grants access to the ulx spectate command"
"ulx removegroup"	"Grants access to the ulx removegroup command"
"ulx gag"	"Grants access to the ulx gag command"
"ulx votekicksuccessratio"	""
"ulx ent"	"Grants access to the ulx ent command"
"ulx slay"	"Grants access to the ulx slay command"
"ulx ungod"	"Grants access to the ulx ungod command"
"ulx votebanminvotes"	""
"ulx logechocoloreveryone"	"The color to use when everyone is targeted in echoes"
"ulx votekick"	"Grants access to the ulx votekick command"
"ulx userdeny"	"Grants access to the ulx userdeny command"
"ulx stopvote"	"Grants access to the ulx stopvote command"
"ulx votemapenabled"	""
"ulx armor"	"Grants access to the ulx armor command"
"ulx cexec"	"Grants access to the ulx cexec command"
"ulx physgunplayer"	"Ability to physgun other players"
"darkrp_getjob_lawyer"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx userallowid"	"Grants access to the ulx userallowid command"
"ulx version"	"Grants access to the ulx version command"
"ulx mechatenabled"	"Allow players to use '/me' in chat. 0 = Disabled, 1 = Sandbox only (Default), 2 = Enabled"
"ulx return"	"Grants access to the ulx return command"
"darkrp_getadminweapons"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx groupallow"	"Grants access to the ulx groupallow command"
"ulx jailtp"	"Grants access to the ulx jailtp command"
"ticketsystem.managetickets"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx userdenyid"	"Grants access to the ulx userdenyid command"
"ulx logspawnsecho"	"Echo spawns to players in server. -1 = Off, 0 = Console only, 1 = Admins only, 2 = All players. (Echoes to console)"
"ulx help"	"Grants access to the ulx help command"
"fpp_settings"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ticketsystem.canopenadminmenu"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx mute"	"Grants access to the ulx mute command"
"ulx blind"	"Grants access to the ulx blind command"
"ulx god"	"Grants access to the ulx god command"
"awarn_warn"	"This allows a player to warn other players."
"voidcases_editinventories"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx usermanagementhelp"	"Grants access to the ulx usermanagementhelp command"
"awarn_options"	"This allows a player to view and change the configurations for this script."
"ulx unfreeze"	"Grants access to the ulx unfreeze command"
"ulx votemap2"	"Grants access to the ulx votemap2 command"
"ulx userallow"	"Grants access to the ulx userallow command"
"awarn_remove"	"This allows a player to decrease another player's active warnings."
"ulx votemapvetotime"	""
"ulx motdfile"	"MOTD filepath from gmod root to use if ulx showMotd is 1."
"ulx voteecho"	""
"darkrp_setdoorowner"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx setgroupcantarget"	"Grants access to the ulx setgroupcantarget command"
"ulx strip"	"Grants access to the ulx strip command"
"ulx seeanonymousechoes"	"Ability to see who uses a command even with ulx logEcho set to 1"
"darkrp_getjob_swat"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx logfile"	"Log to file (Can still echo if off). This is a global setting, nothing will be logged to file with this off."
"darkrp_getjob_swatleader"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx send"	"Grants access to the ulx send command"
"ulx unigniteall"	"Grants access to the ulx unigniteall command"
"ulx slap"	"Grants access to the ulx slap command"
"ulx showmotd"	" <0/1/2/3> - MOTD mode. 0 is off."
"ulx cloak"	"Grants access to the ulx cloak command"
"ulx unblind"	"Grants access to the ulx unblind command"
"ulx logechocolorself"	"The color for yourself in echoes"
"ulx noclip"	"Grants access to the ulx noclip command"
"ulx logechocolorplayer"	"The color to use for players when ulx logEchoColorPlayerAsGroup is set to 0."
"ulx removeuserid"	"Grants access to the ulx removeuserid command"
"awarn_view"	"This allows a player to view other players' warnings."
"ulx logechocolordefault"	"The default text color (RGB)"
"ulx unragdoll"	"Grants access to the ulx unragdoll command"
"ulx unjail"	"Grants access to the ulx unjail command"
"ulx votebansuccessratio"	""
"fspectateteleport"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx seeasay"	"Ability to see 'ulx asay'"
"fpp_touchotherplayersprops"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx kickafternamechangescooldown"	"<time> - Players can change their name ulx_kickAfterXNameChanges times every x seconds."
"ulx spawnecho"	"Ability to see spawn echoes and steamids from joined players in console"
"ulx voteban"	"Grants access to the ulx voteban command"
"ulx rslotsmode"	" - Sets the slots mode. See config for more information."
"ulx uncloak"	"Grants access to the ulx uncloak command"
"ulx rslots"	" - Sets the number of reserved slots, only applicable for modes 1 and 2."
"ulx groupdeny"	"Grants access to the ulx groupdeny command"
"ulx unmute"	"Grants access to the ulx unmute command"
"xgui_managebans"	"Allows addition, removal, and viewing of bans in XGUI."
"xgui_managegroups"	"Allows managing of groups, users, and access strings via the groups tab in XGUI."
"ulx motd"	"Grants access to the ulx motd command"
"ulx bring"	"Grants access to the ulx bring command"
"ulx adduserid"	"Grants access to the ulx adduserid command"
"ulx votemap2minvotes"	""
"ulx welcomemessage"	"<msg> - This is shown to players on join."
"ulx psay"	"Grants access to the ulx psay command"
"ulx reservedslots"	"Access to reserved slots"
"ulx kickafternamechanges"	"<number> - Players can only change their name x times every ulx_kickAfterNameChangesCooldown seconds. 0 to disable."
"awarn_immune"	"Players with this permission will be immune to being warned by anyone."
"ulx who"	"Grants access to the ulx who command"
"xgui_svsettings"	"Allows changing of server and ULX-specific settings on the settings tab in XGUI."
"ulx kickafternamechangeswarning"	"<1/0> - Display a warning to users to let them know how many more times they can change their name."
"ulx votemapmapmode"	""
"xgui_gmsettings"	"Allows changing of gamemode-specific settings on the settings tab in XGUI."
"ulx votemapwaittime"	""
"ulx gimp"	"Grants access to the ulx gimp command"
"ulx votemap"	"Grants access to the ulx votemap command"
"ulx motdurl"	"MOTD URL to use if ulx showMotd is 3."
"darkrp_getjob_mayor"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx ungag"	"Grants access to the ulx ungag command"
"ulx logechocolormisc"	"The color for anything else in echoes"
"ulx removeuser"	"Grants access to the ulx removeuser command"
"ulx rslotsvisible"	" - Sets whether slots are visible. See config for more information."
"ulx unban"	"Grants access to the ulx unban command"
"ulx logspawns"	"Log when players spawn objects (props, effects, etc)"
"ulx banid"	"Grants access to the ulx banid command"
"ulx sslay"	"Grants access to the ulx sslay command"
"ulx logechocolorconsole"	"The color that Console gets when using actions"
"ulx tsay"	"Grants access to the ulx tsay command"
"ulx veto"	"Grants access to the ulx veto command"
"fpp_cleanup"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx kick"	"Grants access to the ulx kick command"
"ulx csay"	"Grants access to the ulx csay command"
"ulx logjoinleaveecho"	"Echo players leaves and joins to admins in the server (useful for banning minges)"
"voidcases_createitems"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx adduser"	"Grants access to the ulx adduser command"
"ticketsystem.cancreateticket"	"A privilege from CAMI"
"ulx hiddenecho"	"Ability to see hidden echoes"
"ulx map"	"Grants access to the ulx map command"
"ulx teleport"	"Grants access to the ulx teleport command"
"ulx addgroup"	"Grants access to the ulx addgroup command"
